Do not try hard to do what other game corporations has done before.

+ Treasure chests has fossil fragments, enough fragments -> jig saw game, successful -> get a strong sea animal to fight on your side. Can have multiple pets, they can die, can be heal by hydrobot. Concrete proof for: Fragments of DNA can be achieved from fossil, revive the animal, get the infos.
+ Do combos?
+ More types of enemy with cool ability: diver with chain harpoon, you got hit,chained and drag away, got to press a button repeatedly to get freed.
+ Encouraging to heal fish & make fighting more interesting: Heal fish -> fill up a bar, bar filled -> able to do a special move, the things able to do should be dynamic so it will not be linear and boring over time, after doing special move -> bar empty again. Special move or just chance to increase the skill power (but still have to do some educational activity).

Maybe this is a "Goodwill bar", increase everytime you do a good deed (trash, tree, fish). A wheel:
	- Poseidon face: clear all cool down time and refill health
	- Skill icon: increase skill power by 5%
	- Fruit icon: increase attribute by 1
	- Revived fish icon: increase their attribute or power

+ Skills combination: 2 skill slots, order matters
	- Hammer + Bow = throwing stunning hammer
	- Sandal + Belt = whoever got hit got hipnotized
	- Armor + Belt = whoeer hit you got hipnotized
	- Hammer + Belt = whoever got hit got hipnotized
	- Armor + Hammer = get enough damage = explode
	- etc.
	- Invalid combos = nothing or just one of two happens

+ Remove skill cool down, no mana too, attack a lot refill "skill bar", encourage user to increase Shooting rate (?)... sounds like draining enemy's hp for mana...

+ Fixing oil leak with current and futuristic technology, clean the bubble before it reaches the top, overall making levels more unique (going to different regions finding relics fixing problems)
+ Underwater labyrinth, more complex shipwreck, ice level 
+ Fix problem of random questions in quizz game

+ Survival Mode: If you scrore > x, give more skills to user.




--Deb:

Different kinds of trash with different env points. Most points for radioactive trash, then plastic, glass, rubber, wood, biodegradable.

Bot can ask fish to show him radioactive trash. Fish will only show if health=100%. When bot follows fish to trash, he can not do anything else.

Bot can instruct a fish to come to him when attacked (press C for communicate, a pop up will show bot talk to fish). The more fish he talks to, the easier
it will be to save.

With the ancient fish, bot can make strategy. THere will be a strategy screen. The bot can choose different options, like:
If you see the terminator, swim right, or swim toward center of screen, swim towards me, etc.
Bot can also lend a skill to it, and create strategy when it is supposed to use it.

Should we draw a boundary?

How about putting the electric eel, which can zap the bot?

Captain-Nemo Submarine.

Ghosts inside ship wrecks?

Combined skill (Hammer+sandal: throw the hammer)

Luminous fish

Dirty water when env is low

Different mutant shark texture 

Twist in storyline: Poseidon turns bad, bot brings the terminator's gun & poseidon uses it to kill the hunters. Also bot discovers that all the hunters that
did not pass the quiz and writing test, we're killed by Poseidon. He discovers a room full of stinking dead bodies. The female divers are naked (possibly
raped by Poseidon). In the last level, he has to fight Poseidon and save the hunters as well even though the hunters are also trying to kill him.