

SUMMARY of New Ideas:

Drop trash -- less
antient shark fossil found, recreate the shark to be a friend and fight for you. - very less
education session in a class room, 2d picture, answer questions, more correct answer gain exp, 
	easier level, other bonus ( last level - special skill ).make user to type like typeracer. mini game. -- top
fossil - zigsaw puzzle.. gain exp, put picture in an achievement section. -- less
replayability: To make the player play again after he completed whole game. -- next sem
save info (attr, etc) from last play. make the enemy stronger based on points. -- next sem
information bar: click on a fish to display information. --less

TODO:
Win/lost scene & win/lost musics
level obective , Deb-- display them.
Sound 
poison: health reduce over time -- khoa
type game -- khoa

retexture diver:
- orange suit, blue other things
- red suit, metallic other things

For making game's trailer:
- 1st use Adobe's Premiere: capturing game's footage & integrate subtitles
- 2d use Adobe's AfterEffects: cool effects & transitions

GamePlay:

Script:
very first scene: dying hydrobot.
3 years earlier:  ( make 1 sec = 1 day)



Level 1:

cutscene: UH prof instructing the hydrobot to improve environment.
 
No hunters, no shipwrecks, no bullets.

Level Obj: you need increase the env bar to 80% within 3 min ( 90 days).



Level 2: 

cutcene: Witness some guys killing fish. tries to stop them. get shot.
whirlpool. bot gets sucked in. Meets poseidon.
Poseidon introduces himself. 
gives him power to heal and zap enemies.

Level Obj: Save at least 90% of fish during 3 min ( 90 days ).

No shipwreck, no boss.



Level 3:
 
cutscene: Poseidon warns him about the mutant shark.
How they create the mutant shark.
 Need to find a hermes relic in shipwreck within 90 days.
 
I will teach you how to use it.
In order to open the chest, you need the key. Some fish know where it is. But you need to please them to tell you.

Oh, and improving the environment helps.

obj: Find the relic in 3 months.





Level 4:

cutscene: Good that you found the relic, & you will surely need it. We extract the power from it.
The mutant shark is here. Nothing else in this
 level. You & the mutant shark.

Level obj: Defeat the mutant shark.



Level 5:

Cutscene:
 Poseidin congratulates. Poseidon is worried. He says there are more mutant shark being created. Need to save leopard
 shark.

Target: save at least 50% of leopard sharks in 3 mins.

Random encounter with ???



Level 6: 
cutscene: cry to poseidon about ???. He tells you its the terminator. And you need more skills to defeat him.

Level Obj: Find hammer & shield relic.
Encounter more mutant shark.



Level 7: 
level Obj: Find the belt & bow relic.



Level 8:
Direct confrontation with the terminator. The terminator health does not reduce at all. Player is frustrated.
Get ass-raped.
 Almost gets killed. Draw the initial cutscene here. Then another whirlpool. Poseidon appears.
He gives you the power of poseidon trident.
 Play the most cool music. 

level Obj: Kill the terminator.


Last Cut scene: Savior of the sea. 



Video Plan:
Real Pictures of polluted sea -- 5 sec
How severe environment in year xxxx - 5-10s
Cyborg sent and bad guys prevent him
Helped by Poseidon (sample cut scenes ) - 10-20 s
Actual fighting scene with music with skills and effects = 60s
Talk everything about the game. - 2-3 mins
Coming soon..

Bugs and work left:

3 hunter doing helicopter stuff
atttribute board with real bot's stuffs
bullet damage proportional to travelling distance
stuck on a mutant shark when he is next to boundary
odd number of attr points?
mutant shark biting not hurting fish and fish stuck on its mouth
terminator does not recover from hipnotize
Armour does not work for the mutant shark